[Music]
a lot of people
are wondering what happened last night
with you and the boy
i tried to listen to me you didn't
listen to me
if you touch me you will burn
that's impossible
do you believe me now
how did this happen to you i don't know
i don't care what he is we need to find
him quickly get him under control
eric stop this i can't
[Music]
he cannot reach a city you do agree with
me right
sometimes bad things happen to good
people
don't no don't
[Music]
who knows what you can achieve if you
learn how to control it
[Music]
our subject today is simon mcneil he's a
self-professed
medium he's almost here
for those of you that don't know i
recently lost my son miles
people like simon like to prey on grief
ready whenever you are
i need complete darkness or rather they
do
[Music]
all the dead have stories
there is a place where these horrors are
transcribed
i'm not sure where i'm going i felt like
i was being followed
we're headed to raven is it a nice place
no here the dead
they're so much closer than you realize
[Applause]
i wasn't planning on stopping i just
think i'm really tired
come on you're safe here
i just have a thing with noises that's
neurological
would have probably been better if i
just didn't stop taking the meds
oh i'm so sorry dear i didn't mean to
startle you
and some bad [ __ ] happened to you urban
decay
that's what happened we like to think
everyone who stays here
is family
we all die but sometimes the stories of
her passing
must be forever carved into our
collective memory
all stories end here
so you have to find the three
brightest lights there that make the
triangle these ones
and that's where the milky way is
it's good to get back on the road again
don't you think
but how about just exploring the outer
regions of
fifth gear
i thought we'd have a party i'm on the
edge
[Music]
all right if you had one wish in the
world
what would it be i wish this holiday
wouldn't end
so can you tell that it's gotten worse
[Music]
i'd like to make a speech i uh
well maybe maybe sam will do it for you
i'd love that you do it for me
now as most of you will know i am slowly
losing my ability to
remember and i definitely wouldn't be
here
if it weren't for this man next to me
i want to be remembered for who i was
but not for who i'm about to become
it's not fair to you it's not about fair
it's about love
not sir i want to see this through with
you to the end
you know a very wise man once said we
will not
starve for lack of wonders
but from lack of wonder
[Music]
may the lord bless you child and give
you strength to serve him
in your mission i know i can make a
success of the new convent
i don't think you're ready for it here
we are
palace of mopu
[Music]
is a wild place
you shouldn't have come here a place
where time doesn't even exist
i never liked this matters my father
used to allow some bad goings on here
i think this place is too much for all
of us
the devil comes in many disguises this
is an
unusual place and we should expect
unusual things
did you hear a warning
what's happening to me this place makes
you see
because this day your daily bed the
devil is in you sister and forgive us or
trust myself
you're only human so i'm discovering as
we forget guys interest
against lead us not into temptation
but deliver us from peace
amen
hey bet they thought they're gonna get
away with this huh
excuse me brittany and kayla didn't make
it to the dance camp
didn't the school call you no kayla's
sick i kept her home this weekend
i was sure they were doing this together
you know they're with her secret plans
no way what dad pull over it's brit
what are you doing here i'm going to
that stupid ballet thing
duh you think i could talk to kayla her
dad took her to the doctor did she call
me when she's back of course
you need to tell her dad that you don't
know where she is no
hey what happened to your face looks
like you got hit is there a bathroom
nearby
can we pull over now
[Music]
i'm scared she can't be trusted to talk
to brittany's dead
kayla get down
where's your friend oh whatever this
game is that you're playing it's over
where's britney
get off me i'm going to the police
how do you want to do something really
bad
i pushed her
that's second-degree murder
there's something wrong with her she was
such a happy little girl
okay this friend her father came by the
house acting strange
did bernie ever talk about her father
she told me that he
hits her you release your temper with
your kid
who told you this does he really hit her
no oh yes i learned from the best
whatever you want to believe
[Music]
what don't look at me like that
[Applause]
[Music]